Engineering Graduates
Network Engineering
Centurion
Permanent
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Network Engineering logo
Engineering Graduates
Network Engineering
Reference: NES022515-SV-1

Have you completed your Engineering Degree and are not sure where to go from there? We are the solution to your questions.
Duties & Responsibilities
Do you have an Engineering Degree and are not sure where to apply? As a Specialist Recruitment Consultant, I am always on the hunt for exceptional graduates. With a vast client list, all I need is your profile.
Education:
BEng in Electrical/Electronic/Electromechanical/Computer Engineering
 
Job Experience & Skills Required:
60% cumulative average
Interesting final year project 

Apply now! 
 
For more engineering jobs, please visit www.networkrecruitmentinternational.com
 
If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider the vacancy application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database for any other suitable roles / positions.

For more information contact:
Shaleen van Staden
Specialist Recruitment Consultant
087 351 0724










GIBB YES Programme - Electrical Engin...
company  GIBB Pty Ltd   
number of employees  501-1000⁠ Employees   
contract type  Temporary   
time  Part time   
6 days ago
 
 
 
 	I'm interested 	 
 
 	
We are offering YES learner placements in our WIIG and Transport delivery unit. This is a chance to contribute to impactful projects and grow within a dynamic engineering environment.
 
Your tasks
Apply for GIBB's Youth Employment Service (YES) Programme for young South Africans

DEADLINE: 30 September 2025
This opportunity is open to all South African young people. Disabled youth are also welcome to apply ( Please mention your disability when you apply).

YES Learner Programme – Water and Integrated Infrastructure (WIIG) & Transport

GIBB Group of Companies

GIBB is a leading multidisciplinary engineering firm with a strong presence across Africa. We are committed to transformation, empowerment, and skills development, and proudly support the YES Programme, which creates opportunities for young South Africans.

We are offering YES learner placements in our WIIG and Transport delivery unit. This is a chance to contribute to impactful projects and grow within a dynamic engineering environment.

Learn more about us here: https://www.gibb.co.za

Core Purpose

The YES (Youth Employment Service) Programme is a business-led collaboration with government. YES seeks to reduce youth unemployment across private and public sectors. The aim is to enable more youth to develop new skills, gain meaningful workplace experience and earn a salary, which will in turn significantly improve their chances of finding long-term employment.

 
Your profile
Minimum Qualifications

• Grade 12 or equivalent with Mathematics, Science and English
• Btech/BEng in Electrical Engineering

In addition to the above requirements, we will also consider the following in our selection of candidates:

• You are a South African Citizen (must be born in South Africa)
• You are aged between 18 to 35
• You are unemployed and available to be employed on a 12 month Fixed Term contract.
• You are not a previous YES beneficiary
• Must be PC Literate
• You have the aspiration to learn new skills related to your relevant field
• You are a responsible and honest person


Additional Information

Only Applications with the following attachments will be considered:

Updated CV
Copies of Qualification/s and Academic Record
ID Copy
Applicants will go through a recruitment process, and if successful, will be placed at our Johannesburg Office.

We welcome your application if you believe you meet the requirements for the YES Programme. 

Read the full job description here.
Apply : https://gibb.mcidirecthire.com/External/Application?Ref=Lz0pmLPxnW0GnJzqAjmu5ZaxEpnvSVxVGUfhr6GZ23_K_zJbGAfGzrLjYHSCcWbxhkl1C-1ScdkDmAT5zlx71w










Mining Engineering (Internship)
GOLD – HR & Recruitment Solutions
Various
Internship
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Easy apply
GOLD – HR & Recruitment Solutions logo
Mining Engineering (Internship)
GOLD – HR & Recruitment Solutions
Introduction
Our mining client with various site is looking for Mining Graduates to join the team for a internship.

Desired Experience & Qualification
Completed Mining Engineering Degree
License
Medical Fitness 
Computer Literate
Package & Remuneration
Market Related










Job description
Momentum: Youth Employment Programme 2025 / 2026

As part of our Youth Development Strategy, we have adopted various initiatives to drive positive social impact and to directly impact unemployment of youth.

In alignment with this there are multiple opportunities available within Momentum Investments across various areas where we would like to offer unemployed youth a 12-month opportunity to gain experience, this is in alignment and in partnership with the Youth Employment Services (YES). Successful candidates will qualify for a monthly stipend.

Duties & Responsibilities
• Gain exposure within Momentum Investments across various departments (e.g., HR, Finance, Marketing, Operations, Client Services, IT, etc.) depending on placement.
• Demonstrate a willingness to learn, take initiative, and apply feedback to improve performance.
• Uphold Momentum Investments’ values and represent the organisation professionally.
• Engage in opportunities to develop personal and professional skills, including communication, teamwork, and problem-solving.

Requirements
• Degree, Diploma or Certificate in the following areas:
• Finance,
• Accounting,
• Tax
• Audit.
• IT,
• Information Science,
• Data and AI generating,
• Python or SQL Certificate,
• Data Analytics,
• Data Science,
• Business Analysis,
• Project Management,
• Business Intelligence.
• Investment Management
• LLB
• Learning and Development,
• Skills Development,
• Human Resources
• Industrial Psychology.
• Functional ability to use MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint as a base.
• South African citizens aged between 18 and 25.
• Unemployed at the time of application.
• First time participating in the Youth Employment Services (YES) programme.







Africa Talent by Deloitte - NL - IT and Specialised Assurance Graduate Programme 2026- JHB/CPT
Deloitte • Midrand • via Indeed
Internship
Apply directly on Indeed
Apply directly on Glassdoor
Apply directly on Glassdoor
Apply on Recruit.net
Job description
Company Description

About Africa Talent

Africa Talent by Deloitte (Africa Talent) is a standalone division of Deloitte, owned by Deloitte Africa and Deloitte Netherlands, based in South Africa. Our goal is to meet the growing demand for Talent in Africa and Europe; by recruiting and developing Talent throughout Sub Saharan Africa in order to service the diverse needs to enable projects at our clients. Talent employed will have the full experience of Deloitte, while getting both local and international exposure to a diverse set of clients, working remotely from Africa. It will take advantage of the demographic reality of Africa as a future source of talent for both Africa and Europe and at its core is the goal to create employment in Africa and invest in African talent.

The ethos of our organisation is characterised by vision, purpose beyond profit and an appetite to innovate and deliver creative, high impact solutions to urgent client challenges. Every day, your work will make an impact that matters, while you thrive in a dynamic culture of inclusion, collaboration, and high performance. As the undisputed leader in professional services, Deloitte – Africa Talent - is where you will find unrivalled opportunities to succeed and realize your full potential. This space is a true encapsulation of hybrid work, whereby individuals and teams gain access and exposure to learn from and engage with their global colleagues, while working virtually from their local Deloitte office or from home.

About the Division:

The value that Risk Advisory creates for organisations is synonymous with operational excellence.

In an environment of escalating IT security threats, technology outages, data integrity and quality issues, corporate governance concerns and privacy mandates, organisations need to be sure of the integrity, confidentiality and availability of their information and underlying systems. This requires information systems that are properly deployed, monitored and controlled.

We assist organisations in building value, by taking a Risk-Intelligent approach to managing financial, technology and business risks.

We leverage our global network and in-depth industry knowledge, so as to assist organisations in mitigating the risks associated with internal systems, business processes, projects, applications, data and third-party reliance.

Click here to read more about our Risk Advisory practice.

The Africa Talent graduate program is a performance enhancement programme where young people engage with each other and our leadership, through peer-to-peer and conversation and experiential coaching and mentoring to support the development of critical skills needed in the business environment. You will develop, amongst others: business process design, time management, conflict resolution, emotional resilience, critical thinking and business solutioning. These lifelong skills will certainly enhance future employability and mobility of a new generation of Deloitte professionals.

As a young graduate employed in the program, you will be upskilled to serve clients with distinction so that we continue to be entrenched as the strongest and most valued brand amongst our competitors. Our professionals need to have the acumen to handle complex situations and multiple responsibilities simultaneously, balancing long-term projects with the urgency of immediate operational demands. We are committed to establishing and empowering the firm by creating an environment of continuous learning and enriching career opportunities.

Please continue reading to find out more about this exciting opportunity.

As part of this program you will gain experience in the form of formal learning and exposure to client engagements.

Job Description

What you will do?
• As a graduate, you will be exposed to global best practice in a multi-disciplinary environment. You can expect on-going learning, development and support as you launch your career.
• The IT Assurance and Advisory team provides an array of technology assurance solutions to a range of clients across industries. You will have the opportunity to work directly with engagement teams delivering unique solutions to clients as you bring your ideas, creativity and passion for excellence as you make an impact that matters!
• If you are academically strong, curious, creative and thrive in a challenging, dynamic environment and have demonstrated leadership activity at school or university, we would like to talk to you! Please apply online or contact our graduate recruitment team for more information.

What is the program like?
• We offer you a permanent contract in which you will start as a Junior Consultant to learn about the role. In the first month you’ll will learn about our organization and context. Afterwards, you will become part of different engagement teams that perform high IT audit assignments for different high profile, international top clients. After a year - depending on your progress and performance - you will then have the opportunity to be extended and take on more responsibilities on future assignments.
• After the second year you will have the opportunity to be employed permanently. We wish for you to grow your career within Deloitte and this grad program is your ideal starting point. As with the rich and broad expertise of Deloitte, your ambition and drive are the only limit towards being that excelling professional and making impact

Qualifications

If you are currently completing or have completed the following qualifications and have less than 6 consecutive months of work experience, or have no work experience, we would love to hear from you:
• B Comm (Information Technology, Information Science)
• BSc Computer Science, Information Systems
• B Engineering (Industrial)
• Any other relevant technology degree is advantageous
• A postgraduate qualification in any of the above streams is advantageous

Experience
• No previous work experience required
• Demonstrates an interest and passion for understanding technology and its applicability in the world of business.

Additional Information

We are always interested in talking with professionals about their next career experience. If you have a passion for learning from talented people and benefit from the support of a global organization and network, apply online now.

If you believe that you meet most of the criteria above, we encourage you to apply. Deloitte is an equal opportunities employer and will ensure any reasonable accommodations are implemented as part of the recruitment and selection process.

At Africa Talent by Deloitte, we want everyone to feel they can be themselves and to thrive at work—in every country, in everything we do, every day. We aim to create a workplace where everyone is treated fairly and with respect, including reasonably accommodating persons with disabilities. We seek to create and leverage our diverse workforce to build an inclusive environment across the African continent.

At Deloitte, we want everyone to feel they can be themselves and to thrive at work—in every country, in everything we do, every day. We aim to create a workplace where everyone is treated fairly and with respect, including reasonable accommodation for persons with disabilities. We seek to create and leverage our diverse workforce to build an inclusive environment across the African continent.

Note: The list of tasks / duties and responsibilities contained in this document is not necessarily exhaustive. Deloitte may ask the employee to carry out additional duties or responsibilities, which may fall reasonably within the ambit of the role profile, depending on operational requirements.

Be careful

Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.

It is strictly against Deloitte policy for candidates to pay any fee in relation to our recruitment process. No recruitment agency working with Deloitte will ask candidates to pay a fee at any time.










MQA Intern
Mintek • Randburg • via Pnet
2 days ago
Full–time
Apply directly on Pnet
Job description
Introduction

Mintek offers an exciting opportunity to suitable candidates for potential placement within our technical divisions at our Randburg Offices.
Duties & Responsibilities

The purpose is to provide practical work experience to students who have completed their degree.

Desired Experience & Qualification

Internship Programme

Ref: INTERN/2025/008

Mintek offers an exciting opportunity to suitable candidates for potential placement within our technical divisions at our Randburg Offices.

PURPOSE OF THE POSITION:

The purpose is to provide practical work experience to students who have completed their degree.

JOB KNOWLEDGE /SKILLS REQUIRED:

· Computer Literacy –MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint

· Sound communication skills

· Strong numerical aptitude and analytical abilities

· Attention to detail

QUALIFICATIONS:

· Excellent academic record (academic average of 60%) and have completed a Degree from NQF level 7 in the following fields:

§ Metallurgical Engineering,

§ Chemical Engineering,

PROSPECTIVE INTERNS MUST SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS AS ONE DOCUMENT:

Curriculum Vitae;

Certified academic record;

Copy of certified qualifications;

ID copy

CLOSING DATE: OPEN FOR 10 DAYS

SALARY PACKAGE: FROM R141, 240 CTC per annum non negotiable

This opportunity is open to South African citizens only. Successful candidates must arrange their own accommodation close to Mintek, and must make their own travel arrangements to get to Mintek. Candidates must be willing to undergo psychometric testing.

Should you not hear from us within one (1) month of the closing date, consider your application to be unsuccessful.

Mintek is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, whose aim is to promote representivity in all levels of occupational categories.